docs: Get updated readme (#3)
AptoPayments/apto-pci-sdk-web: README.md

[![](https://data.jsdelivr.com/v1/package/npm/@apto-payments/pci-sdk-web/badge)](https://www.jsdelivr.com/package/npm/@apto-payments/pci-sdk-web)

The Apto Web PCI SDK enables developers to display protected PCI data using an iFrame.

This document provides an overview of how to:

* [Install the SDK](#user-content-install-the-sdk)
* [Initialize the SDK](#user-content-initialize-the-sdk)
* [Show / Hide the PCI Data](#user-content-show--hide-the-pci-data)
* [Customize the PCI View](#user-content-customize-the-pci-view)

For more information, see the [Apto Developer Guides](http://docs.aptopayments.com).

To contribute to the SDK development, see [Contributions & Development](#user-content-contributions--development)

## Requirements

* HTML
* JavaScript
* CSS - Optional, but required for custom styling.

### Get the Mobile API key

A Mobile API Key is required to run the SDK. To retrieve your Mobile API Key:

1. Register for an account or login into the [Apto Developer Portal](https://developer.aptopayments.com). 
    

> 2. Select **Developers** from the menu. Your **Mobile API Key** is listed on this page.
> 
>     ![Mobile API Key](readme_images/devPortal_mobileApiKey.jpg)

Author: ```suggestion
2. Select **Developers** from the menu. Your **Mobile API Key** is listed on [this page](https://developer.aptopayments.com/#/dashboard/developers/credentials).
```
